# Craft Eventbrite Plugin

Provides a simple API wrapper for Eventbrite by exposing Eventbrite's API endpoints as craft template variables.

## Installation
1. Move the `eventbrite` folder into your `craft/plugins` directory.
2. Install the plugin in the Craft Control Panel
3. Enter your Personal OAuth token from Eventbrite.

## Usage
Note: This plugin currently only supports part of the [Users API endpoint](https://www.eventbrite.com/developer/v3/endpoints/users/). Pull requests and feature suggestions are welcomed.

### Users

#### [craft.eventbrite.users.users](https://www.eventbrite.com/developer/v3/endpoints/users/#ebapi-get-users-id)

Returns the user object for the given ID.

```
{% set user = craft.eventbrite.users.users({'id': 555555555555}) %}
{{user.first_name}}
```

#### [craft.eventbrite.users.ownedEvents](https://www.eventbrite.com/developer/v3/endpoints/users/#ebapi-get-users-id-owned-events)

Returns a list of event objects owned by the user for the given ID.

```
{% set ownedEvents = craft.eventbrite.users.ownedEvents({'id': 555555555555, 'status': 'all'}) %}
{% for ownedEvent in ownedEvents %}
	{{ownedEvent.name.text}}
{% endfor %}
```

#### [craft.eventbrite.users.events](https://www.eventbrite.com/developer/v3/endpoints/users/#ebapi-get-users-id-events)

Returns a list of event objects.

{% set events = craft.eventbrite.users.events({'id': 555555555555, 'name_filter': 'test'}) %}
{% for event in events %}
	Event:{{event.name.text}}
{% endfor %}

### Self

Also included is a template variable, `eventbrite.self`, which duplicates the functionality of the `eventbrite.users` variable above, but without the necessity of passing in your ID with every use.

#### craft.eventbrite.self.users

Returns the user object for OAuth Token provided in the settings.

```
{% set user = craft.eventbrite.self.users() %}
{{user.first_name}}
```

#### craft.eventbrite.self.ownedEvents

Returns a list of event objects owned by the user represented by the OAuth Token provided in the settings.

```
{% set ownedEvents = craft.eventbrite.self.ownedEvents({'status': 'all'}) %}
{% for ownedEvent in ownedEvents %}
	{{ownedEvent.name.text}}
{% endfor %}
```

#### craft.eventbrite.self.events

Returns a list of event objects owned by the user represented by the OAuth Token provided in the settings.

{% set events = craft.eventbrite.self.events({'id': 555555555555, 'name_filter': 'test'}) %}
{% for event in events %}
	Event:{{event.name.text}}
{% endfor %}

## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015 Koty Yell

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.